.\" Copyright (C) 2011 G.P. Halkes
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3, as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH "t3keyc" "1" "<DATE>" "Version <VERSION>" "Terminal key sequences database compiler"
.hw /usr/share/doc/libt3key-<VERSION> http://os.ghalkes.nl/t3/libt3key.html

.SH NAME

\fBt3keyc\fP \- terminal key sequences database compiler
.SH SYNOPSIS

\fBt3keyc\fP [<OPTIONS>] [<FILE>]
.SH DESCRIPTION

\fBt3keyc\fP compiles a terminal key sequence description for use with
libt3key. The compiled database files should either be put in the global
database (normally /usr/share/libt3key or similar), or in the user's home
directory under ~/.libt3key. Alternatively, the database can be stored under
any directory referenced in the environment variable LIBT3KEY_DATABASE_DIR.
.SH OPTIONS

\fBt3keyc\fP accepts the following options:
.IP "\fB\-d\fP <\fBdirectory\fP>, \fB\-\-database\-dir\fP=<\fBdirectory\fP>"
Write the output in database directory \fBdirectory\fP.
.IP "\fB\-o\fP <\fBoutput\fP>, \fB\-\-output\fP=<\fBoutput\fP>"
Write the output to <\fBoutput\fP>, instead of using the base name of the input
file. The output name may not contain directories. To change the directory
where the output is stored, use the \-d option.
.PP
.SH FORMAT

The format of the input and output files are documented in the files
text_format.txt and binary_format.txt located in the documentation
directory. On Un*x systems this is usually
/usr/share/doc/libt3key-<VERSION>.

.SH BUGS

If you think you have found a bug, please check that you are using the latest
version of \fBlibt3key\fP [http://os.ghalkes.nl/libt3key.html]. When
reporting bugs, please include a minimal example that demonstrates the problem.
.SH AUTHOR

G.P. Halkes <libt3key@ghalkes.nl>
.SH COPYRIGHT

Copyright \(co 2011 G.P. Halkes
.br
libt3key is licensed under the GNU General Public License version 3.
.br
For more details on the license, see the file COPYING in the documentation
directory. On Un*x systems this is usually
/usr/share/doc/libt3key-<VERSION>.
