.\" Copyright (C) 2011 G.P. Halkes
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3, as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH "t3learnkeys" "1" "<DATE>" "Version <VERSION>" "Learn key sequences for terminal"
.hw /usr/share/doc/libt3key-<VERSION> http://os.ghalkes.nl/t3/libt3key.html

.SH NAME

\fBt3learnkeys\fP \- learn key sequences for terminal
.SH SYNOPSIS

\fBt3learnkeys\fP [<OPTIONS>]
.SH DESCRIPTION

\fBt3learnkeys\fP allows easy construction of a database entry for libt3key.
It can be used both in automatic mode (for X11 terminals), in which case it
generates the key strokes itself, or in manual mode.
.SH OPTIONS

\fBt3learnkeys\fP accepts the following options:
.IP "\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-auto\-learn\fP"
Generate key strokes automatically. Only supported when running in an X11
terminal emulator and support is compiled in.
.IP "\fB\-A\fP, \fB\-\-dont\-abort\-auto\-learn\fP"
Do not abort on receiving Control-C in auto learn mode.
.IP "\fB\-b\fP <\fBkeys\fP>, \fB\-\-block\-keys\fP=<\fBkeys\fP>"
Do not ask for the keys described by \fBkeys\fP. \fBkeys\fP is a comma
separated list of key descriptions. A key description can be either what is
printed on the screen when running \fBt3learnkeys\fP, or an identifier as used
in the output.
.IP "\fB\-o\fP <\fBoutput\fP>, \fB\-\-output\fP=<\fBoutput\fP>"
Write the output to <\fBoutput\fP>, instead of using the value of the TERM
environment variable as output file name.
.PP
.SH BUGS

If you think you have found a bug, please check that you are using the latest
version of \fBlibt3key\fP [http://os.ghalkes.nl/libt3key.html]. When
reporting bugs, please include a minimal example that demonstrates the problem.
.SH AUTHOR

G.P. Halkes <libt3key@ghalkes.nl>
.SH COPYRIGHT

Copyright \(co 2011 G.P. Halkes
.br
libt3key is licensed under the GNU General Public License version 3.
.br
For more details on the license, see the file COPYING in the documentation
directory. On Un*x systems this is usually
/usr/share/doc/libt3key-<VERSION>.
